[GeoMechanicsApplication] Add abc model 1D column test cases to our test suite (#13742)
KratosMultiphysics/Kratos: applications/GeoMechanicsApplication/tests/dsettlement/fully_saturated_column_uniform_load/README.md

# Settlement on a fully saturated column with uniform load
This test consists of a rectangular soil domain, 1.0m wide and 50.0m deep. The mesh consists of SmallStrainUPwDiffOrderElement2D6N elements. The pheratic line is kept at the top of the column, namely at $y = 50$ [m], resulting in a column with hydrostatic pressure. A schematic can be found in the figure below:
![Schematic](Schematic.svg)

## Setup

The test is performed in 5 stages:

> 1. A K0 stage with a linear elastic model, with a Young's modulus of 1e9 [Pa] and a Poisson ratio of 0.2.

Reviewer: Maybe clearer for many to give Young's modulus in MPa or GPa i.s.o. Pa
Poisson ratio -> Poisson's ratio

> 2. A settlement stage with abc model (100 days or 8640000 seconds). The keywords "reset_displacement" is set to true here, such that the total displacements start counting from the start of this stage.

Reviewer: We indeed use the dll for the abc model. However with the other settings of "USE_HENCKY_STRAIN": false and MOVE_MESH_FLAG false it is a NEN_Bjaerum formulation. In the very first paragraph # Settlement it is wise to mention the material models used too.

3. Another settlement stage (8.64 seconds), the same uniform load and also the same material as previous stage is applied. The time-step is 0.001 days (8.64 seconds), such that there is horizontal stress distribution by the abc model. 

> 4. A second settlment stage (0.1 day) with a uniform line-load of 20 [kN] applied in the negative Y direction to the top of the model.

Reviewer: Are we very sure of this staging? stage 3 and stage 4 seem both short. It is strange for me that horizontal distribution would happen suddenly after 100 days of stage 2. horizontal distribution of the new load in stage 4 seems to be omitted here. The way it is presented, stage 4 and 5 could be together in one, with a table for the load application.

5. A second settlement stage, such that the total time reaches 10000 days (or 864000000 seconds). The same uniform load of 20 [kN] is applied in the negative Y direction. The time-step is > 0.001 days, such that there is no horizontal stress distribution by the abc model.

> The following common conditions hold for all stages:

Reviewer: The top and bottom Dirichlet condition for water pressure are not described here. The LineNormaLoadDiffOrderCondition2D3N for water weight above the soil surface could be omitted here ( and in the .json files ), because the  phreatic waterlevel remains exactly at the top of the soil. Hence no weight of water mass above the top of the soil.

# Settlement on a fully saturated column with uniform load

> This test consists of a rectangular soil domain, 1.0m wide and 50.0m deep. The mesh consists of SmallStrainUPwDiffOrderElement2D6N elements. The pheratic line is kept at the top of the column, namely at $y = 50$ [m], resulting in a column with hydrostatic pressure. Here, the meterial property "USE_HENCKY_STRAIN" is set to false, in combination with "MOVE_MESH_FLAG" as false, it leads to a NEN-Bjerrum formulation.

Reviewer 2: Could you fix these minor typos
```suggestion
This test consists of a rectangular soil domain, 1.0m wide and 50.0m deep. The mesh consists of SmallStrainUPwDiffOrderElement2D6N elements. The phreatic line is kept at the top of the column, namely at $y = 50$ [m], resulting in a column with hydrostatic pressure. Here, the material property "USE_HENCKY_STRAIN" is set to false, in combination with "MOVE_MESH_FLAG" as false, it leads to a NEN-Bjerrum formulation.
```
